So what we'll do
now is we'll talk
about the
PhraseMatchSpliterator's
constructor and its
tryAdvance method.
These methods, again,
are identical with what
we covered in the search with
sequential streams class.
You can go back and watch
that if you're interested.
So here is
PhraseMatchSpliterator.
It's the constructor.
It takes the work of Shakespeare
as a character sequence
and the phrase as a string.
It converts the string into
a regular expression form,
where it basically
wraps things up
in a way that will
match phrases properly,
dealing with
extraneous whitespace
and bounding the whole
phrase as to make
it one cohesive unit to avoid
matching sub phrases instead
of entire phrases.
And then we go
ahead and recompile
this regular expression
into a pattern that
will match a phrase in
a case-insensitive way
across line breaks.
So CASE_INSENSITIVE
is a flag that
indicates to the regular
expression compiler
that we should not
care whether we have
uppercase or lowercase matches.
And DOTALL is another
flag that indicates
that we should be able to
do checks across new lines.
We then connect the
input work of Shakespeare
with the pattern to make a
pattern matcher or a phrase
matcher as we call it here.
And that's what we actually use
with our regular expression.
We initialize the input
field and the phrase field
with the parameters
passed to the constructor.
And then the final
thing we do is we define
the size of mMinSplitSize.
And what we do here
just to be simple
is we take the entire length
of the input, whatever
the work of Shakespeare's
length is, divided by 2.
Now there are all kinds of
other ways we could do this.
This was just a simple way.
What this will mean
is we'll end up
being able to basically take
each work of Shakespeare
and break it up into four
chunks to be searched
in parallel and
different threads.
And I chose that, because
I initially had four cores
and I figured that that was
probably a pretty good mapping.
So you see how this field gets
used by the trySplit method
for a parallel Spliterator.
Let's now take a look at
the tryAdvance method.
This is the method that's
called by the Java Streams
framework, which will attempt to
advance the Spliterator by one
matching phrase.
And so you can see here that
this is past a consumer action
parameter.
And that is used to pass the
results back by reference
to the streams framework,
because we can update this
by accepting the result into
it, and then it gets passed back
to the framework.
The next thing
we're going to do is
we're going to call the find
method on the PhraseMatcher.
And this will return
true if we find a match.
And that match's starting index
location will be recorded,
so we can retrieve
it momentarily.
If we don't find a match,
it'll return false.
And so what we'll do in that
case is we'll just bail out.
This Informs the Streams
framework that we're done.
Don't call tryAdvance anymore.
There's no more matches to be
found in this particular input.
Assuming we do
find a match, then
the accept method
on action is called,
and that keeps track of which
index in the input string
the match occurred.
And you can see it does this
by going to the PhraseMatcher
and calling its
start method, which
records the starting
location as an index.
We add that to the offset, so
we get a globally unique offset.
And you'll see
how an offset gets
set in the trySplit method.
And we wrap that index
up into a result object,
which then gets accepted
into the consumer action.
And the last thing we do
here is we return true,
informing the Streams
framework that we got a match.
And therefore, it's
worthwhile trying
to call tryAdvance again,
because maybe we'll
get another match.